<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="./namesTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps">

    <ui:define name="content">

        <h2 class="heading">Introduction</h2>
        <p:panel  styleClass="para">
            Format and syntax of the name components shall be as shown in the figure below.
            Only the device name is required on drawings, name tags, etc. where the drawing or device name clearly
            indicates the system and subsystem including the equipment.
            However, where the system and/or subsystem are not apparent, the full name must be shown.
        </p:panel>

        <p:panel style="border: none; text-align: center;" >
            <p:graphicImage value="resources/images/SyntaxESS.png" />
        </p:panel>

        <h2 class="heading">Name Components</h2>
        <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left">
            <f:facet name="header">
                <p:row>
                    <p:column>Naming Part</p:column>
                    <p:column>Description</p:column>
                    <p:column>Requirements</p:column>
                    <p:column>Assigned By</p:column>
                </p:row>
            </f:facet>
            <p:row>
                <p:column>Sec</p:column>
                <p:column>Section</p:column>
                <p:column>Section, defined in <h:outputLink value="names.xhtml?category=Sec">Table 3</h:outputLink>. Section name is required. Up to 6 characters.</p:column>
                <p:column>Division Director</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column>Sub</p:column>
                <p:column>Subsection</p:column>
                <p:column>Subsections, defined in <h:outputLink value="names.xhtml?category=Sub">Table 4</h:outputLink>.
                    May be omitted if subsystem is obvious from system name or device name.
                    Up to 6 characters.</p:column>
                <p:column>Division Director</p:column>
            </p:row>

            <p:row>
                <p:column>Dis</p:column>
                <p:column>Discipline</p:column>
                <p:column>Disciplines, defined in <h:outputLink value="names.xhtml?category=Dis">Table 5</h:outputLink>
                    Device type is required. Up to 6 characters.</p:column>
                <p:column>Control&nbsp;Account&nbsp;Manager</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column>Dev</p:column>
                <p:column>Device</p:column>
                <p:column>Device Name</p:column>
                <p:column>Control Account Manager</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column>Idx</p:column>
                <p:column>Index</p:column>
                <p:column>Index number. Up to 6 characters.</p:column>
                <p:column>Control Account Manager</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column>Prop</p:column>
                <p:column>Property</p:column>
                <p:column>Device property, defined in <h:outputLink value="names.xhtml?category=Prop">Table 6</h:outputLink>.
                    Up to 15 characters.</p:column>
                <p:column>Lead Engineer</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column>FIELD</p:column>
                <p:column>EPICS Field</p:column>
                <p:column>This is the EPICS record field.</p:column>
                <p:column>Lead Engineer</p:column>
            </p:row>
        </p:panelGrid>

        <h2 class="heading">Examples</h2>

        <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left">
            <f:facet name="header">
                <p:row>
                    <p:column>Description</p:column>
                    <p:column>Name</p:column>
                    <p:column >Comment</p:column>
                </p:row>
            </f:facet>
            <p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">
                SOFBDev is a CDev belonging to system SI, subsystem CO, whose function is to control the slow-orbit feedback system.
                'Mode' is a state variable of the CDev that can be set or read to turn correction on|off.
                </p:column>
                <p:column rowspan="2"> SI-Soft:CO-SOFB:Mode </p:column>
                <p:column>TxDev: -</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
            <p:column>RxDev: -</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">
                The property excitation amplitude ExcAmp of the beam shaker has a RxDev the shaker itself (TuneShk-17SA) and, as TxDev,
                the TuneDev generating the shaker signal. The choice of picking TuneShk, the RxDev for the Dev subfield, is in accordance
                with R08b for, the other option, TxDev TuneDev would convey less functional relevance.
                </p:column>
                <p:column rowspan="2"> SI-17SA:DI-TuneShk:ExcAmp </p:column>
                <p:column>TxDev: SI-DI:TuneDev</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
            <p:column>RxDev: SI-DI:TuneShk</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">
                The other option for Dev here could be RxDev TuneDev. But the TxDev TunePickUp is more relevant since, apart from
                indirectly specifying the locating of the origin of the signal, the TxDev name is more closely associated with the
                signal relevance. Besides, if TuneDev were chosen and another tune pickup added to the storage ring later, the new
                PV name could not follow the same rationale as the previous existing one, as the new PV name should need to
                differentiate it from the previoius existing one by addng the info of the new pickup either in its Dev or in its
                Prop subfields.
                </p:column>
                <p:column rowspan="2"> SI-01SB:DI-TunePkp:TuneX </p:column>
                <p:column>TxDev: SI-DI:TunePkp</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
            <p:column>RxDev: SI-DI:TuneDev</p:column>
            </p:row>
            <p:row>
                <p:column rowspan="2">
                The TxDev is the Dev BPM-01M2 and the RXDev is the BPM electronics BPMElct-01 (that will process other BPM signals as well).
                BPM-01M2 is the particular whereas BPMElect-01 is more general since this electronics may process more BPM signals.
                </p:column>
                <p:column rowspan="2"> SI-01M2:DI-BPM:MonitPosX or SI-01M2:DI-BPM:MonitPos-X </p:column>
                <p:column>TxDev: SI-DI:BPM-01M2</p:column>
            </p:row><p:row>
            <p:column>RxDev: SI-DI:BPMElct-01</p:column>
            </p:row>
        </p:panelGrid>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
